Initial PSP patching guide (#8)
LittleBigRefresh/Docs: patching/psp.md

# Using Refresher to setup Allefresher on PSP/Vita

Refresher has support for automatically deploying Allefresher onto a PSP or Vita, with the relavent configuration automatically filled out. This will let you connect to a custom server on LittleBigPlanet for the PSP (on Vita, this would be through Adrenaline).

It also assumes that you've already downloaded Refresher. If you haven't, head on over to the [GitHub page](https://github.com/LittleBigRefresh/Refresher) to grab yourself a copy.

![A Screenshot of Refresher's PSP patching screen](https://littlebigrefresh.github.io/Docs/patching/images/refresher-psp.png)

## Step 1: Jailbreak your device and install a CFW

> We can't help you with this, but there are various guides out there you can go out and find. We personally recommend the guides on [pspunk](https://www.pspunk.com/psp-cfw/) and [vita.hacks.guide](https://vita.hacks.guide/), for PSP and Vita respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can't help you with this directly, but there are various guides out there you can go out and find. We personally recommend the guides on [pspunk](https://www.pspunk.com/psp-cfw/) and [vita.hacks.guide](https://vita.hacks.guide/) for PSP and Vita respectively.
```

### PSP

> Try to use the latest firmware, and we reccomend PRO C over other CFWs, as they have not been thoroughly tested with Allefresher yet. It is possible to dual-boot CFWs, so if you need a CFW such as ARK-4 for other homebrew, we'd reccomend dual-booting PRO C as well until Allefresher is guarenteed to work well on ARK-4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try to use the latest firmware, and we recommend PRO C over other CFWs, as they have not been thoroughly tested with Allefresher yet. It is possible to dual-boot CFWs, so if you need a CFW such as ARK-4 for other homebrew, we'd recommend dual-booting PRO C as well until Allefresher is guaranteed to work well on ARK-4.
```

### Vita

You'll need to setup Adrenaline, and use the latest version of the Adrenaline ePSP firmware (as with PSP, ARK-4 is untested).

> ## Step 2: Connect your PSP/Vita or Memory Stick to your computer

Reviewer: Doesn't Vita require special steps to get filesystem access over USB?

Author: > Doesn't Vita require special steps to get filesystem access over USB?

Not sure, im writing the vita instructions assuming the person reading it knows how to get USB to work in vitashell, as i dont know the exact steps, we should definitely get someone to write a better vita section, as i dont know here

Reviewer 2: Vita filesystem access is done by opening VitaShell and pressing select. The user might have to press start and switch the "SELECT button" from FTP to USB before pressing select if they were previously using FTP.

# Using Refresher to setup Allefresher on PSP/Vita

> Refresher has support for automatically deploying Allefresher onto a PSP or Vita, with the relavent configuration automatically filled out. This will let you connect to a custom server on LittleBigPlanet for the PSP (on Vita, this would be through Adrenaline).

Reviewer 2: "relavent" should be replaced with "relevant"

> It also assumes that you've already downloaded Refresher. If you haven't, head on over to the [GitHub page](https://github.com/LittleBigRefresh/Refresher) to grab yourself a copy.

Reviewer 2: I think replacing "it also" with "this guide" would make more sense.

![A Screenshot of Refresher's PSP patching screen](https://littlebigrefresh.github.io/Docs/patching/images/refresher-psp.png)

## Step 1: Jailbreak your device and install a CFW

We can't help you with this directly, but there are various guides out there you can go out and find. We personally recommend the guides on [pspunk](https://www.pspunk.com/psp-cfw/) and [vita.hacks.guide](https://vita.hacks.guide/) for PSP and Vita respectively.

### PSP

> Try to use the latest firmware, and we recommend PRO C over other CFWs, as they have not been thoroughly tested with Allefresher yet. It is possible to dual-boot CFWs, so if you need a CFW such as ARK-4 for other homebrew, we'd recommend dual-booting PRO C as well until Allefresher is guaranteed to work well on ARK-4.

Reviewer 2: The "and" feels a bit weird.

I think something like "Try to use the latest firmware. We recommend PRO C over other CFWs..." works better

### Vita

> You'll need to setup Adrenaline, and use the latest version of the Adrenaline ePSP firmware (as with PSP, ARK-4 is untested).

Reviewer 2: Should be "set up" as opposed to "setup" since this is using it as a verb

Reviewer 2: The comma after "You'll need to setup Adrenaline" feels like it shouldnt be there to me

Reviewer 2: i think "You'll need to set up Adrenaline with the latest version of the Adrenaline ePSP firmware" sounds better

## Step 2: Connect your PSP/Vita or Memory Stick to your computer

Connect your console to your computer over USB, or plug your Memory Stick into a card reader.

If you connected your PSP directly to your computer over USB, you should select USB Mode on the XMB.

Mount the drive and open it in your file explorer.

## Step 3: Setup Refresher

Open Refresher, and select "PSP Setup".

> Inside Refresher you should see at a dropdown labeled "PSP Drive". In that dropdown, select the correct path. If your console's drive does not appear there, check to make sure it is mounted, and contains a `PSP` or `PSPEMU` folder on it.

Reviewer 2: extremely minor nitpick, but the `pspemu` folder is lowercase on the Vita

Reviewer: It actually changes depending on the way you mount it - PSP/Vita's filesystem is apparently case insensitive

Author: Yes, when Logan was doing their testing, i saw both PSPEMU and pspemu displayed, depending on where it was being shown

# Using Refresher to setup Allefresher on PSP/Vita

> Refresher has support for automatically deploying Allefresher onto a PSP or Vita, with the relevent configuration automatically filled out. This will let you connect to a custom server on LittleBigPlanet for the PSP (on Vita, this would be through Adrenaline).

Reviewer 2: relevant* !!!

Author: that _is_ what that diff fixing yes

Author: nvm dyslexia strikes again

## Step 5: Finalize the setup!

> When all is set and ready to go, click the patch button. It should spit out the relevent files onto your console.

Reviewer 2: relevant* !!!
